[DOCS] Fixes links for machine learning alerts (#92744)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/alerting-getting-started.asciidoc

--

> Alerting allows you to detect complex conditions within different {kib} apps and trigger actions when those conditions are met. Alerting is integrated with {observability-guide}/create-alerts.html[*Observability*], {security-guide}/prebuilt-rules.html[*Security*], <<geo-alerting,*Maps*>> and <<xpack-ml,*{ml-app}*>>, can be centrally managed from the <<management,*Management*>> UI, and provides a set of built-in <<action-types, actions>> and <<alert-types, alerts>> (known as stack alerts) for you to use.

Reviewer: I think its better to have `{ml-docs}/ml-configuring-alerts.html[{ml-cap}` instead of just a link to the ML app, as it is here pointing to `{observability-guide}/create-alerts.html[*Observability*], {security-guide}/prebuilt-rules.html[*Security*],`

Author: Agreed, thanks!

> Alerting allows you to detect complex conditions within different {kib} apps and trigger actions when those conditions are met. Alerting is integrated with {observability-guide}/create-alerts.html[*Observability*], {security-guide}/prebuilt-rules.html[*Security*], <<geo-alerting,*Maps*>> and <<xpack-ml,*{ml-app}*>>, can be centrally managed from the <<management,*Management*>> UI, and provides a set of built-in <<action-types, actions>> and <<alert-types, alerts>> (known as stack alerts) for you to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerting allows you to detect complex conditions within different {kib} apps and trigger actions when those conditions are met. Alerting is integrated with {observability-guide}/create-alerts.html[*Observability*], {security-guide}/prebuilt-rules.html[*Security*], <<geo-alerting,*Maps*>> and {ml-docs}/ml-configuring-alerts.html[*{ml-app}*], can be centrally managed from the <<management,*Management*>> UI, and provides a set of built-in <<action-types, actions>> and <<alert-types, alerts>> (known as stack alerts) for you to use.
```
